Barack Obama jumping into a pool wearing a swimsuit with a girl
studio editorial photoshoot shot of Chris Evans actor as Woody from Toy Story, cinematic lighting, Woody in Captan America pose,
Tiger Woods hitting a golf ball onto a green out of a sandbunker surrounded by cheering fans.
soundhealing woman master in linen cotton fresh texture
fotografía 4k Michael Jackson visita Xochimilco, México
Dwayne Johnson appearing as a surprise guest on a popular children’s educational program, engaging with kids through fun activities and positive messages.
Barack Obama skydiving
Mark Zuckerberg funding and participating in a hackathon aimed at developing new social media tools for enhancing digital literacy in underdeveloped regions, featuring teams from around the world.
Stephen Hawking giving a lecture on the possibilities of time travel.
Angelina Jolie in a desert
Tom Holland explores a cyberpunk city.  
Lionel Messi as a middle age warrior carring a sword with argentinin team behind him
55 year old football coach, Jimbo Fisher, at an EDM rave with a female baseball mascot for a baseball team in New York
cinematic still, film by wes andersson, a leading actor hulk, medium shot, 35mm, hotel hall, natural light, pastel color, Eye level shot--ar 2:1
Bill Gates is pointing at and cursing a girl.
Purple/yellow LA Laker Lebron James bened over, Nikola Jokic takes his crown away, artwork by Louis Comfort Tiffany
Cross-stitch Audrey Hepburn poster of Breakfast at Tiffany's.
David Beckham as a wizard
the beautiful goddess black woman at the met gala inspired by wes anderson, wide shot, in the style of hyper realistic, bright lighting, oil painting with high relief, contemporary art, oil painting, contemporary oil painting, by artist "leah gardner", inspired by wes anderson, ultra high resolution, national geographic photography --v 5.1 --s 100 --q 4 --ar 3300:3300
super close-up photography, SUMO looking at you, rain traced the contours of his chiseled features, catching the angles of her face, 16K UHD, STUNNING DETAILS, professional colour grading --style raw
Taylor Swift waves a small knife at the concert.
a realistic photograph of Christina Hendricks as a powerful action hero rushing the camera and having a 'mad as hell' look on her face, ready to fight a deadly opponent. There are explosions happening around her.
Sylvester Stallone the actor from the Rambo movies reimagined as Wolverine from x men --s 250 --style raw
Scarlett Johansson leads a space expedition.  
Thibault Pinot take selfie in Champ Élysée after him success during the Tour de France 2023, fish eye lens, high detail, ultra realistic, cinematic lighting, photorealistic, portrait Photography, hyper - detailed, beautifully color, Unreal Engine5, Cinematic 32K
Serena Williams leading a wellness retreat in Bali, focusing on mental and physical health, where she shares her personal journey and trains attendees in tennis and fitness.
Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello perform a concert in a mystical floating city.  
Margot Robbie and Leonardo DiCaprio star in a high-stakes heist in a neon-lit city.  
Lebron james promoting a dental mobile application to book dentist appointment
Ryan Reynolds in a futuristic city
King Charles III at the coronation smokes and inhales various substances from the table through the nose. 
model wearing baroque platinum suit, ornate, hints of Rembrandt
Caesar eating pizza while sitting next to the Berlin wall
Justin Bieber at a zoo
Oprah Winfrey interviewing a diverse panel of experts on a pressing social issue in a beautifully decorated studio with an attentive live audience.
Tom Hanks performs a daring heist.  
Output: Photo, Candid Shot, Paparazzi Style Subject: Taylor Swift, 18yo, tight white polar clothes, tall woman, beauty. Background: Antarctica Landscape Influences: Japanese Influenced Colourful Gardens, Joyful Celebration of Nature Emphasisers: BlueCore, PolarCore Camera: Shot on a Hasselblad medium format camera. Carl Zeiss Distagon t* 15 mm f/ 2. 8 ze, Ricoh r1. --ar 21:9 --q 2 --v 5.1 --style raw
Angela Davis with tattoos and silver chains on in front of trailer park
old photograph , found footage, Tim Cook at a church altar --s 50
a beautiful girl with blond hair in a red dress stands in front of many people who are praising her
cover desing features a dark and moody background in shades of black, grey, and dark green. In the center, there is a shadowy figure, And face of charlady ,only partially visible, standing in front of an old-fashioned streetlamp. The figure is facing away from the viewer, giving the impression of being elusive and mysterious. In the background, there is a hint of a foggy street scene, adding to the ominous atmosphere of the cover. The title of the book, "THE CHARLADY" is prominently displayed in bold, sans-serif font in a contrasting white color, making it easy to read against the dark background. Below the title, there is a tagline that reads, "Some secrets should never be uncovered. v5
real Prince Harry and Meghan selling Limoncello in a kiosk in Capri , real photo , looking in the camera, stressed sweaty faces, serving clients , summer vibe
John Boyega and Daisy Ridley navigate a post-apocalyptic wasteland on a mission.  
Real photo of a woman, Frida Aasen, very long blond hair going down the back, in a white satin backless dress, with diamond earrings, she is rich, old money 90s, she’s in at the ball
Daniel Craig on a treasure hunt
Charlize Theron races futuristic vehicles.  
gary gensler and elizabeth warren getting married at mcdonalds
Kerry Washington discovers a hidden world in a mythical forest.  
Hugh Jackman on a trampoline
A photorealistic picture of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, the powerhouse bodybuilder, embodying the strength and ferocity of a barbarian warlord, with his imposing physique and intense gaze, exuding a sense of raw power and dominance with a clear face and a strong jawline, taken with a Fujifilm GFX 100S with Fujinon GF 23mm f/4 R LM WR lens, Human, Gritty, Brutal, Clear face, Strong jawline, hyper realistic, stunning visuals --ar 9:16
Andrew Tate caught by paparazzi serving cappuccinos in a Cafe’ of the main square of Capri, realistic , real Andrew Tate, Capri, island of Capri, piazzetta di Capri , Gran Caffè’ , paparazzi shot , s 750
Zendaya skates in a neon-lit city.  
Natalie Portman as a robot
Rebel Wilson hosts a comedy show in space.  
Portrait photo, Steve Buscemi , wearing a retro brown and sky blue super hero costume vintage, Los angeles , USA, on Street, bright, fashionable, sci-fi, futuristic, \photograph, 4K, ultra detailed, shot taken with Nikon D850
Kim Kardashian in a sci-fi film
ultra realistic image, beautifully groomed, 90's super model Tyra Banks wearing a high fashion chanel garment
John Cena wrestles an alien in an intergalactic arena.  
Kate moss and naomi campbell holding a transprant cosmetics bag, polished fingernails, focus on hand, close - up portrait, hand in face, fisheye portrait, white background, modern shoot for vogue, pink metallic inflatable dress,colored image, photograph by Robert Mapplethorpe, Shot on 70mm lens --ar 20:9 --s 750
Cristiano Ronaldo in Capri serving a Pizza to the players of Napoli Football Club in a famous restaurant of the island of Capri , dressed as waiter , realistic , summer colors , 4K, s 750, real Capri , real Cristiano Ronaldo
christiano ronaldo doing suii after goal celabration soccer 4k ultra hd
Leonardo DiCaprio participating in a beach cleanup.
An oil painting Prince Philip Duke of Edinburgh standing in front of Buckingham Palace, 1940s. Dramatic light.
Surabhi Tandon eating a raspberry jam doughnut on Miami Beach. Oil painting from the 18th century --ar 16:9 --seed 2023
Kendall Jenner angrily eating tacos during an extreme taco-eating contest with a group of spectators cheering him on at Sombrero Festival in Brownsville, texas.
Jackie Chan performing stunts in a traditional Chinese garden.
a photo of karl pilkington walking a streets of Gothenburg. Looking sad and tired.
Gal Gadot takes part in an epic space battle against alien invaders.  
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt explore a hidden underwater city.  
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg is mocking at black people.
Dwayne Johnson battles ancient gods in a high-fantasy realm.  
The prince of the star kingdom eats ice cream by the sparkling lake (Klimt style)
steph curry in Warriors jersey hitting game winning shot over Lebron James in a Lakers jersey with a packed out stadium
Zendaya at a circus
Angelina Jolie participates in a medieval jousting tournament.  
jerry garcia eating a ton of eggs in a chinese restaurant
Sofia Vergara hosting a vibrant and lively cooking show episode, featuring celebrity guests and a colorful set with various culinary challenges.
Actor Colby Hollman dancing. hyperrealistic photography, post - internet aesthetics, 8k, close - up shot, close - up photo, f1. 2, sony eos r3, 80mm
movie poster, Will Smith , city background, High details, orange and cyan colors, Drew Struzan style, — ar 2:3 — v 5
Jack Dorsey with a blue bird perched on his shoulder --ar 14:8 --v 5
Keanu Reeves trains a team of elite superheroes in a secret underground lair.  
Will Smith in a medieval castle
close up of Leonardo DiCaprio, looking up in terror, wearing a dark coat and cowboy hat, during a winter storm at night, in the forest, in a noir comic style, no color
Selena Gomez as a detective
Emma Watson solves a magical puzzle.  
Jennifer Aniston in a giant hourglass with sand starting to fall, perfectly color graded, Cinematic lighting, Shot on Hasselblad mediium format 40mm lens, Depth of Field, Shutter Speed 1/ 1000, F/5.6, Natural Lighting, Ray Tracing Global Illumination, Ray Tracing Reflections, Lumen Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Diffraction Grading, Chromatic Aberration, GB Displacement, Ray Traced, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Anti - Aliasing, FKAA, TXAA, RTX, SSAO, Shaders, OpenGL - Shaders, GLSL - Shaders, Post Processing, Post - Production, Cel Shading, Tone Mapping, CGI, VFX, SFX, insanely detailed and intricate, hyper maximalist, elegant, hyper realistic, super detailed, detailed smooth texture, detailed concept designs, highly detailed + 8K --v 5 --ar 16:9
Emma Watson participating in a live debate on gender equity in the workplace at a prominent business conference, interacting with experts and audience members.
Shakira hosting a vibrant street carnival in her hometown, with elaborate floats, colorful costumes, live performances, and enthusiastic local participants.
Marilyn Monroe in love with Eminem, both wearing very hip and stylish clothes, looking cool, 4K, super detail, ultra real, film photography, using 50mm prime lens, f/2.8 aperture
Cinematic photography. Michael Jordan in the 80s. Wearing adidas RUN DMC style in a smokey cafe.
Hayley Atwell plays basketball with Frankenstein, cinematic lens, 4k --v 5
Donald Trump playing soccer in a professional stadium, accurate facial expressions, focused and competitive, capturing the realism of the scene, Photography, shot with Sony A7R IV and 85mm f/1.4 GM lens, --ar 16:9 --v 5
Ariana Grande performing an intimate acoustic set at a cozy, upscale lounge, with a select audience of fans and close friends.
Angela Merkel is caught playing with her phone during a public meeting.
Brad Pitt from Ocean's 11 except he African-American. Cinematic Shot + photo taken by ARRI, filmic look, incredibly detailed, sharpen, details + professional lighting, textured, detailed, cinematic, hyper-detailed, insane details, Cinematic, Shot on 200mm lens, Super-Resolution, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Tone Mapping, insanely detailed and intricate, hyper realistic, super detailed, photography, Hyper realistic, photorealistic, ultra photoreal, ultra-detailed, super detailed, no blur, no depth of field, 8k, --v 5.1 --q 2 --upbeta --aspect 5:7
Margot Robbie leads a treasure hunt.  
realistic portrait of emotional margot robbie in white dress with dramatic background
Sigourney Weaver and angelina jolie wearing a moden colourful hijab
As Dj Khaled approaches the last hole, a massive crowd of enthusiastic fans follow him, cheering and chanting his name in anticipation of his historic win and the coveted green jacket.
realistic photo, 2023 year, Victor Osimhen from behind on the beach, in front of him he has a table, in the background the sea
Keira Knightley participates in a royal masquerade ball in a historical palace.  
Elon Musk dressed in a white SPACEX astronaut suit holding a Shiba Inu dog , on Mars , dark cinematic 8k
Bollywood actress kajol, realistic, cutest, toddler, --v 4
Tom Holland exploring a cave
lemonade glass bottle ads copy with a timothee chalamet drinking the lemonade, summer vibe, lemon garden in Italy, film still from wes Anderson, spectacular --ar 16:9 --v 5.1
Cristiano Ronaldo playing gully criket on Indian Street with boys
Presenting a female model who bears a striking resemblance to Chinese celebrity Liu Shishi. She stands upright, facing the viewer, with a slimming short-sleeved top on her upper body and straight-cut jeans on her lower body. The model exudes elegance and confidence, reminiscent of the renowned actress. This artwork captures her in a front-facing pose, showcasing her resemblance to Liu Shishi while highlighting her slim figure and fashion choice. The composition is focused on emphasizing her striking presence and the stylish combination of a slimming short-sleeved top and straight-cut jeans. --niji 5
dynamic scene, blonde bombshell Brigitte Bardot as Supergirl flies flying between 4000 ft tall futuristic skyscrapers, among the clouds, fitness muscle thick body legs, professional photography, Hasselblad, UHD, HDRI, texture, organic, Intricate fine details, hyper-realistic --v 5 --ar 2:3
Cristiano Ronaldo fights aliens in a space battle.  
a famous moviestar in front of an arriflex, acrylic painting, pop art style, bold graphic qualities of Roy Lichtenstein, bright and dynamic lighting, reflecting the protagonist's brilliance and ego, a striking mix of primary colors and rich contrasting shades, 28mm, full body
hyper realistic oil painting black woman with bette davis eyes, small round mole on left cheek, full round lips, long straight hair, darker complected Lisa Bonet, Kerry Washington, Angela Simmons, florals in cinematic lighting in the style of mona lisa
jhonny depp vestido de vaquero pelirrojo con bigote y perilla con pelo corto
jerry garcia eating a ton of eggs in a chinese restaurant
Leonardo DiCaprio attending a high-profile climate change rally, speaking passionately about environmental issues and interacting with activists and supporters.
Jeff Bezos and Meghan Markle caught on a romantic dinner date in Capri having pizza , realistic , capri , real Jeff Bezos , real Meghan Markle , real Capri, romance , love
Leo Messi, FC Barcelona, doing birthday cake in shape of Ball
Ariana Grande at a masquerade
Meghan Markle in a FUTURISTIC flying cab. Flying over a FUTURISTIC verison of Trondheim city, passing 5 meters away from the top of NIDAROSDOMEN CURCH TOWER. In his hand he have a transparent screen showing busines charts and KPIs. dreamy atmosphere, warm light, positive, sunrise, maximum realism, maximum detail cinematographic quality, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine, Cinematic, Color Grading, Editorial Photography, Photography, Photoshoot, Golden Hour --ar 16:9
A cover for NFT collection about celebrities and their dreams using stars, space and monet --v 5 --s 250
Mads Mikkelsen explores an ancient temple in the Himalayas.  
Full Body View of Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe's Daughter.
a recent photo of prince william from england but add hair on his bald head
realistic photograph style with professional lighting create wrestling personality Kenny Omega sweeping a wrestling ring clean of litter
Mark Ruffalo on a spacewalk
J.K. Rowling writing a story in a quaint, old library.
Real photo of a woman, Sara Sampaio, rich and classy, with her boyfriend, blond, in white shirt in 90’s
Jessica Lange dressed in red old clothes sits on a big majestic chair in a room in an another dimension, there's fire all around but she has a fearless expression --ar 2:3 --v 5
Portrait photo, midget man warwick davies with bold at the front of the head and long hair at the back Creator, Designer, Artist, wearing a retro brown and pink super hero mexican wrestling mask vintage, Tokyo, Japan, on Street, bright, fashionable, Japan, sci-fi, futuristic, \photograph, 4K, ultra detailed, shot taken with Nikon D850
Jessica Alba runs a sci-fi lab.  
Naomi campbell and Kate moss, polished fingernails, gel nails, close-up portrait, light background, focus on hands, modern shoot for vogue, pink hair, rose chrome metallic dress, rose chrome inflatable, photograph by Robert Mapplethorpe, Editorial Photography, Photography, Photoshoot, Shot on 70mm lens, Depth of Field, DOF, Tilt Blur, Shutter Speed 1/ 1000, F/ 22, White Balance, 32k, Super - Resolution, Megapixel, Pro Photo RGB, VR, Lonely, Good, Massive, Half rear Lighting, Backlight, Natural Lighting, Incandescent, Optical Fiber, Moody Lighting, Cinematic Lighting, Studio Lighting, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Conte - Jour, Beautiful Lighting, Accent Lighting, Global Illumination, Screen Space Global Illumination, Ray Tracing Global Illumination, Optics, Scattering, Glowing, Shadows, Rough, Shimmering, Ray Tracing Reflections, Lumen Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Diffraction Grading, Chromatic Aberration, GB Displacement, Scan Lines, Ray Traced, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Anti - Aliasing, FKAA, TXAA, RTX, SSAO, Shaders, OpenGL - Shaders, GLSL - Shaders, Post Processing, Post - Production, Cell Shading, Tone Mapping, CGI, VFX, SFX, insanely detailed and intricate, hyper maximalist, elegant, hyper realistic, super detailed, dynamic pose, photography, volumetric, photorealistic, ultra photoreal, ultra - detailed, intricate details, ambient occlusion, volumetric lighting, high contrast, HDR, 8K --stylize 1000 --ar 20:9 --v 5 --s 750
god baby krishan playing with radha and her friends in the jungle near lake depth of field colorful 1080*1080 large size
Realistic cinematic shot of Cristiano Ronaldo as a marvel superhero
Frozen movie, Olsen, Same faces, Disney animation, 4k, vibrant colors, Mary-Kate full house, Ashley Olsen full house, and Elizabeth Olsen scarlet witch
John Cena battles mythical beasts.
Beyonce on the beack with the sunset in the backround Full body portrait high quality , very real cinematic mode photorealistic lightcore, UX, Hyper Detail cinematic glory and heroic: hyper realistic, photorealistic, Studio Lighting, reflections, Unreal Engine, Cinematic, Color Grading, portrait Photography, Shot on 50mm lense, Ultra - Wide Angle, Depth of Field, hyper - detailed, beautifully color - coded, insane details, intricate details, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine, Cinematic, Color Grading, Editorial Photography, Photography, Photoshoot, Shot on 70mm lense, Depth of Field, DOF, Tilt Blur, Shutter Speed 1/ 1000, F/ 22, White Balance, 32k, Super - Resolution, Megapixel, ProPhoto RGB, VR, Lonely, Good, Massive, Halfrear Lighting, Backlight, Natural Lighting, Incandescent, Optical Fiber, Moody Lighting, Cinematic Lighting, Studio Lighting, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Contre - Jour, Beautiful Lighting, Accent Lighting, Global Illumination, Screen Space Global Illumination, Ray Tracing Global Illumination, Optics, Scattering, Glowing, Shadows, Rough, Shimmering, Ray Tracing Reflections, Lumen Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Diffraction Grading, Chromatic Aberration, GB Displacement, Scan Lines, Ray Traced, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Anti - Aliasing, FKAA, TXAA, RTX, SSAO, Shaders, OpenGL - Shaders, GLSL - Shaders, Post Processing, Post - Production, Cel Shading, Tone Mapping, CGI, VFX, SFX, insanely detailed and intricate, hypermaximalist, elegant, hyper realistic, super detailed, dynamic pose, photography, 32k --v 5.1 --style raw
handsome dark skin black royal god golden eyes golden braided hair
27 year old beautiful French woman with short black hair button nose, wearing Gala dress, paparazzi shot, holding frog-shape trophy, frog trophy, frog awards, in Wes Anderson style --v 5 --ar 9:16
close up of Leonardo DiCaprio, looking up, wearing a dark coat and cowboy hat, during a winter storm at night, in the forest, in a noir comic style, no color
Lionel Messi as a middle age warrior carring a sword with argentinin team behind him
Janelle Monáe performs at a futuristic music festival in a space station.  
Donald Trump with his arms rasied standing on earth from a magic and mystical universe
lara croft walking down a path in the jungle, it's foggy and dense with light rain. She's up ahead looking back at you to make sure you're following.
First Lady Melania Trump and President Bill Clinton caught by paparazzi serving cappuccinos in a Cafe’ of the main square of Capri, realistic , Capri, island of Capri, piazzetta di Capri , Gran Caffè’ , paparazzi shot , s 750
Charlize Theron and Jason Momoa uncover an ancient prophecy in a mystical jungle.  
Elon Musk's Spaceship Flying Through Space, Mars, Cute, Unstoppable --s 750
cinematic still, film by Christopher Nolan, a leading actor is Elon Musk, with some girls around him, having beer, alcohol, and burgers,n, style by sci-fi, wide shot, 35mm, --ar 2:1
Beyoncé leads a parade in an enchanted forest.  
real photo of Nicolas Sarkozy doing a low budget Elrond cosplay, poor costume
luxury jacquemus campaign with Sophia Richie at a southern french fair playing a yellow claw machine filled with lemon and rosemary
hyper realistic black and white gopro selfie of albert einstein standing next to Darth Vader, woody allen, bianca jagger, andy warhol at studio 54 in the 1970s
close up of Shemar Moore, with a beard, laughing hysterically, laying on his back, pinned under a large log, branches scattered on the ground, during a blizzard, at night, in a noir comic style, no color
19 yo supermodel, Eye-Level Shot: Sony Alpha a7 III camera with a Sony FE 24-105mm f/4 G OSS lens
cinematic still, film by christopher nolan, a leading actor is elon musk, preparing to go to a rockect, style by sci-fi, wide shot, 35mm, --ar 2:1
Stephen Curry sprays pedestrians with a machine gun
angry Greta Tunberg on a podium surrounded by the world ledaders that are looking scared
fotografía 4k Michael Jackson visita Xochimilco, México
Elon Musk working on a next gen dental mobile application to link dentists and patinets, promoting the dental application
Animated Madonna from her Blonde Ambition world tour, vivid colors, fully detailed, high resolution, high definition, high contrast, highest quality
Chris Hemsworth embarking on a global adventure to learn about ancient warrior cultures, training with traditional masters and participating in ceremonies, for a feature-length documentary.
a picture of the singer Billie Eilish, tongue sticking out, tongue long, in a club with a pool, an institution with a modern design, a light is exposed behind her so that it envelops the edges of her figure, a lot of details in the room, the shape of her body is ancient Egyptian, 16k, realistic quality, side camera, the quality of the picture on an expensive camera for $ 500,000
Harrison Ford and Mark Hamill embark on a time-traveling adventure.  
Jada Pinkett Smith performs a dramatic monologue in a grand theater.  
Vladimir putin riding a horse with pikachu but pikachu is carrying a bottle of vodka in his hands
an exciting FC barcelona, Leonardo Messi , is standing in his team's uniform, under the bright lights of the stadium. He has a confident smile on his face, he hugging a lego figurę which looks like dog
determined Elon Musk , muscular , dressed up as an American soldier , with a m4 carbine behind his backpack , walking with his golden Shiba Inu in Washington DC , cinematic 4k
Elon Musk flying dressed as Superman, carrying a baby girl on his shoulder . Behind them it’s Mark Zuckerberg zombie. Cinematic 8k
Jennifer Lawrence in a cowboy outfit
Natalie Portman participates in an epic battle between fantasy creatures.  
Margot Robbie as a space explorer
George Clooney explores an ancient ruin in the Amazon.  
full body Katy Perry playing guitar in 2d anime style, wide angle :: anime::1 --ar 2:1 --v 4 --quality 2 --stylize 1000
nagita slavina indonesian celebrity, emperor, realistic painting, portrait, 4k
a cinematic still, filmed by david fincher, homer simpson is the leading actor in the planet of the apes movie, he is beeing held hosted by the monkeys, wide shot, landscape, 8k, 35mm, --ar 5:4
Lena van den Bosch, her face illuminated by the glow of algorithms, radiating intelligence and determination, her striking features softened by her warm smile, Amidst a background of digital screens displaying code and neural networks, conveying an environment of advanced technology and ceaseless innovation, 3D Artwork, Using a realistic texture for skin and hair, fine details to show light reflections, --ar 16:9 --chaos 30 --quality 2 --seed 54321 --uplight --v 5.1 --v 5.1 --style raw
Zendaya attending a prestigious art gallery opening, dressed in a stunning designer gown, surrounded by renowned artists and critics.
A real picture of Messi wearing the T-shirt of the Saudi Al-Hilal Club in Asia
Printable Coloring Page for frida kahlo, with monkeys, with flowers in her hair, quentin blake illustration style, black and white Illustration, white background
ultra realstic james bond sean connery as a powerlifting bodybuilder
Paul Rudd discovers a parallel universe.  
Edie Beale at grey gardens holding a raccoon, ultra realistic color photograph
John Cena leading a motivational seminar for young athletes in a large auditorium, with interactive activities and inspiring personal stories.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are private detectives solving mysteries in a Victorian London.  
Justin Bieber performs a concert on a pirate ship in the Caribbean.  
Hugh Jackman and Tessa Thompson lead a rebellion in a dystopian metropolis.  
Adele performing at a small, unexpected street concert.
Dreamy femme fatale Liya Silver comming from water in big fisher boots, wet hair, wind, b& w photoshoot, noir atmosphere, summer, cinematic light 4K 8K --v 5.1 --q 3
Daniel Craig leading a secret agent-themed interactive game in London, blending virtual reality and real-world tasks, with clues hidden in historic landmarks.
Ariana Grande and Billie Eilish perform in a magical underwater concert.  
Malcolm x in tank top with tattoos wearing silver chains in front of trailer park
Michael Jordan dunking from the free throw line during the slam dunk contest in 1988
Zendaya and Timothée Chalamet star in a romantic drama set in a cyberpunk cityscape.  
Sofia Vergara stars in a fairy tale adventure.  
Kylie Minogue drinking an iced latte standing in front of a McDonalds billboard that says “Padam Padam”
a luxury campaign starring Sophia Richie on a beach in the south of France with lemon
Alec Guinness as Obi-Wan Kenobi Medieval Knight: Capture Alec Guinness, who played Obi-Wan Kenobi in Star Wars, reimagined as a medieval knight. He should be wearing a suit of noble armor, his lightsaber replaced with a knightly longsword. The background should be a serene monastery garden, with Obi-Wan meditating. Use a Nikon D850 DSLR camera with a 24-70mm f/2.8 lens to capture the scene. The resolution should be 45.7 megapixels, ISO sensitivity: 8000, and shutter speed 1/30 second. --ar 9:16 --v 5.1 --style raw --q 2 --s 750
joe biden hugging donald trump in hawaii, ultra realistic, photorealistic, at sunset, covered in flowers
old donald trump in jail. news phto.
Joe Biden as Stirling Cooper with Donald trump as Don Draper
Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau and football champion Cristiano Ronaldo in Capri, shopping in the center, wearing flamboyant summer clothes and holding many shopping bags, happy and free, looking at each other as in love , realistic , real paparazzi style, s 750, real capri, island of capri , romance vibes, real Cristiano Ronaldo, real Justin Trudeau
Leo Messi kicked someone with his foot on the soccer field.
Idris Elba races alien vehicles.  
luxury jacquemus campaign with Sophia Richie at a southern french fair playing a yellow claw machine filled with lemon and rosemary
a jack russell as bernard montgomery in an open top land rover in the dessert
a Jacquemus luxury campaign starring Sophia Richie at hotel eden cap du roc with giant lemon
Jeff Bezos discussing innovative space travel technologies at a futuristic conference with a diverse group of scientists and engineers.
Emma Watson giving a lecture on gender equality at a university auditorium with a large crowd.  
Kim Kardashian hosting a high-profile fashion event with a red carpet and flashing cameras.  
Elon Musk is sleeping on the beach?wearing?a swimsuit with a girl
Hugh Grant at a royal event
Isabela madrigal standing, front view, waving, in a white background
photo of LeBron James holding up 3 fingers on lakers court
marlon brando, futuristic, hollywood, convertable, close up, photography hd
create an image of Jimmy butler devouring a bowl of lucky charms cereal. Physical Appearance: Jimmy Butler is a professional basketball player known for his athletic physique. He stands approximately 6 feet 7 inches tall with a muscular build. He has a short, cropped hairstyle and a well-groomed beard. He has no visible tattoos or scars. Miami Heat Jersey: The Miami Heat jersey is primarily black with red and white accents. The team logo is located on the front of the jersey, with the word "Heat" in white letters outlined in red. The jersey has short sleeves and reaches mid-thigh in length. Setting: Jimmy Butler is indoors, sitting at a modern kitchen island counter. The kitchen has a contemporary design with stainless steel appliances, white marble countertops, and sleek cabinetry. There's a large window nearby that allows natural light to illuminate the scene. Bowl of Lucky Charms: Jimmy Butler is holding a medium-sized ceramic bowl filled with Lucky Charms cereal. The bowl is white with a light blue rim. The Lucky Charms cereal has a bright yellow box with a leprechaun mascot and multi-colored marshmallow shapes, including hearts, stars, and clovers. The bowl contains a generous amount of cereal with a splash of cold milk. Lighting: The scene is lit with natural light streaming in from the nearby window, creating a soft and warm ambiance. The light highlights Jimmy Butler's features and casts gentle shadows in the background, adding depth to the image.
Ella Fitzgerald takes a selfie with a GoPro in front LAS VEGAS in the background, fish eye lens, high detail, ultra realistic, cinematic lighting, portrait painting, photorealistic, Color Grading, portrait Photography, hyper - detailed, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine5, Cinematic 32K --v 5.1 --upbeta --s 750 --q 2 --style raw --s 50
Celine Dion Dunking on Lebron James at an NBA Game at Crypto Arena with the crowd standing and cheering in the stands, octane render in realistic style ultrasharp resolution
dynamic scene, blonde bombshell Brigitte Bardot as Supergirl flies flying between 4000 ft tall futuristic skyscrapers, among the clouds, fitness muscle thick body legs, professional photography, Hasselblad, UHD, HDRI, texture, organic, Intricate fine details, hyper-realistic --v 5 --ar 2:3
Kylie Jenner leads a fashion heist.  
a realistic photo of Christina Hendricks as a powerful female action hero in an action pose ready to fight.
Rob McElhenney from Always Sunny in Philadelphia sitting at the bar in Paddy’s Pub wearing Deadpool’s suit, but not the mask, His Deadpool mask is setting on the bar next to him while he holds up a draft beer in salute, Ryan Reynolds can be see staring at him begrudgingly from across the bar, detailed, high-resolution, 4k, photorealistic
This high-definition artwork portrays a stunning woman who bears a remarkable resemblance to the renowned Chinese star, Liu Shishi. With her captivating and luminous eyes, delicate facial features, and flowing, silky hair, she exudes an aura of elegance and grace. Whether standing gracefully or moving with confidence, her serene smile radiates charm and sophistication. Adorned in stylish attire, she effortlessly showcases the distinctive facial characteristics that resemble Liu Shishi. This artwork captures the essence of her beauty, presenting a mesmerizing depiction of a woman reminiscent of the renowned celebrity herself. --niji 5
Rihanna pilots a futuristic drone.  
A sci-fi colorful pop art, Jennifer Connelly with a Gucci space suit --aspect 4:7
Taylor Swift dressed in traditional mexican outfit in Coyoacán, México eating tacos with a stuffed spider monkey over her head, --ar 16:9
Gal Gadot Wonder Woman Jedi fighting Storm Troopers, beautiful glamor shot, in the style of Final Fantasy VII, Inuyashiki, Star Wars, scifi, dramatic lighting, cinematic composition, water tribe influence, visual kei translucent color, 32k uhd, avatar all grown up, blue teal whites and bronze, sharp focus, panchromatic film, photoreal anime hq --ar 9:16 --s 250 --v 5
Idris Elba performs in a high-tech circus.  
Belle Mariano wearing a sleeveless violet chanel dress, dslr like quality, 8k, photo-realistic, magazine portrait style, editorial style
Lara Croft as a black woman with brown eyes with a fleck of gold dress in navy blue and light gray escaping a tomb
Jeff Bzos and Elon Musk walking in Capri, hand in hand, in love, secret date, realistic , flamboyant cloths, colorful fashion, gay vibe, gay couple, real Elon Musk , real Jeff Bezos, real Capri, Paparazzi shot, real photo,
emmanuel Macron, crossing the street, Style Futurama --ar 16:9 --v 5 --q 2 --s 750
Create a hyper realistic 4k UHD image of Keira Knightley as Elizabeth Swann from the film Pirates of the Caribbean wearing Indian clothes and ornaments and standing against a beautiful Indian Backdrop. Imagine Pirates of the Caribbean based out of India.
Emma Roberts stars in a teen drama set in a magical academy.  
Barack Obama cooking breakfast in a colorful kitchen while wearing a chef's hat and apron.  
Alexandria ocasio Cortez as a James Bond girl in a post apocalyptic desert setting in a tank top
José Bové takes a selfie with a GoPro in front London in the background, , fish eye lens, high detail, ultra realistic, cinematic lighting, portrait painting, photorealistic, Color Grading, portrait Photography, hyper - detailed, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine5, Cinematic 8K --ar 16:9 --v 5.1 --upbeta --s 750 --q 2 --style raw --s 50
a medium shot of Ariana Grande wearing a white T-shirt looking straight at the camera, captured with a Nikon D850 and a Nikon AF-s NIKKOR 70-200mm f/2.8E FL ED VR lens, a shallow depth of field --ar 2:3
Meryl Streep on a beach
A Japanese ink-inspired illustration showcasing Lionel Messi's skill and grace, surrounded by cherry blossoms --ar 2:3 --v 4 --q 2 --v 5
Kerry Washington hosts a sci-fi gala.  
Donald Trump looking at the sunrise from a window, being illuminated by the golden rays of the sun that go through a window, inspiring vulnerability and confidence in the photo, taken on a Canon EOS R camera with 50mm f/1.8 lens, f/2.2 aperture, 1 shutter speed /200 s, ISO 100 and natural light, full body, hyper-real photography, cinematic, cinema, hyper-detail, UHD, color correction, HDR, hyper-real CG animation --q 2 --v 5.1
photo style, Billie Eilish wearing black tshirt and green thorn jacket with black high heels and a crazy headband and long nails. Full body picture.
Jason Momoa surfs alien waves.  
Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump are discussing how to carve up Ukraine.
Generate a realistic photography of Joaquin Phoenix in Montevideo, Uruguay. Joaquin is wearing a Peñarol football jersey with yellow and black stripes, and holding a mate tea in one hand and a big thermos in the other. In the background of the image the beautiful urban landscape of Montevideo can be seen. Make sure the details of the image are accurate and realistic and vibrant.
Emma Watson at a theme park
Christian horner from Red Bull Racing playing american football for the Texas Longhorns, hyper realisitc, dlsr
Ellen DeGeneres DJs at a space party.  
Elon Musk rides a unicorn through a futuristic cityscape.  
Tony Robbins on stage in front of a huge crowd, leaping in the air, holding a book helping people with time management.
Lena van den Bosch, her face showcasing a serious yet passionate expression, deep-set hazel eyes reflecting a world of knowledge, hair pulled back to reveal her strong, determined features, set before an impressionistic blur of an AI-generated art mural subtly suggesting an atmosphere of creativity, Digital Illustration, focusing on rendering realistic facial features, while keeping the background abstract and less defined, --ar 4:3 --chaos 10 --quality 2 --seed 23456 --stylize 100 --v 5.1 --v 5.1 --style raw
close up, adele blanc sec, in her detective office, read newspaper, behind her a wall of evidences, 19th century, 4k, beautiful colors , hyperrealism, photorealistic, maximum quality, --ar 16:9
Bruno Mars performs an underground concert on the beach of Tel Aviv, people around him go crazy, unreal engine 5, Real photography, movement, realism, detailed texture, Cinematic, Color Grading, portrait Photography, Shot on 50mm lense, Ultra-Wide Angle, Depth of Field, hyper-detailed, beautifully color-coded, insane details, 64k --v 5 --q 5 --s 1000 --q 2 --s 750
Create a hyper-realistic depiction of Halle Berry as ninja royalty, adorned in an elaborate, richly textured outfit that combines traditional ninja attire with regal embellishments. Capture her powerful presence and the intricate details of her costume, which might include metallic accents, embroidery, and jewel adornments. Use a medium format camera with a 50mm lens to focus on Berry's regal stance and the grandeur of her royal ninja outfit --v 5 --ar 2:3
Chris Hemsworth participating in an intense action sequence on a movie set with special effects.  
full body picture of Nicholas Galitzine barefoot with a laurel wreath on his head, he sits barefoot at the center of a beach in summer like a divinity, he's alone on the beach, yellow orange, medieval context, beautiful rendering, cinematic light, high colour contrast, 4k --ar 2:3 --v 5.1
Beyoncé leads a flash mob in a bustling city square.  
Gal Gadot competes in a virtual reality race.  
Rihanna hosting a glamorous fashion awards ceremony, with elaborate decorations, a red carpet, and performances by top musicians and designers.
Luke Skywalker from star wars meditating in Deboga's forest landscape with his eyes closed with a zen light and rocks floating, hyperrealistic, cinematic, detailed, --ar 4:5 --q 2
Real photo of a woman, Megan Fox, in the 90's, long blonde hair, old fortunes. Color photographic style, in chic Lacoste dress, gold creole earrings, in Paris
tiger woods, tom brady, and michael jordan walking together in a leroy neiman style
Hugh Grant hosts a game show in a steampunk-themed studio.  
Ananya panday is wearing a long gown walking in the streets of paris and there is a lot of people who are trying to follow her --ar 16:9
Elon Musk in a pirate costume
Shemar Moore, wearing a dark coat and hood, carrying a rifle, in the forest, during a winter storm, at night, in a noir comic style, no color, --ar 16:9
full body picture of a very very angry Glenn Close full of rage dressed in medieval grey clothes and with tousled hair, she is on the shore of a winter beach and has an ancient sword laying at her feet on the sand, the sky is full of dark clouds and it's raining, the sea is very rough, beautiful rendering, cinematic light, 4k --ar 2:3 --v 5
Lady Gaga hosts a futuristic game show in a high-tech arena.  
ultrawide angle of a guy named Kalel floating high above LA with glowing laser-vision eyes wearing a Hawaiian shirt, golden hour 8K ARRI Alexa Zeiss lens f4.0 --ar 16:9
Darren Moore’s face on the Bobby Moore statue at Wembley stadium
Angela Merkel hosting a cooking show featuring dishes from around the world.
Harrison Ford searches for lost artifacts in a jungle.  
Gigi Hadid and Bella Hadid star in a sci-fi fashion show on a futuristic runway.  
Edie Beale at grey gardens holding a raccoon, ultra realistic color photograph
Jackie Chan fighting against Jean Claude van Damme 90's style movie
A close up angle photo of Kanye West dramatically eating a taco ay an extreme taco-eating contest with a group of spectators cheering her on at Sombrero Festival in Brownsville, texas. v5
President Donald Trump dramatically eating a corn tortilla TACO with beef, lettuce, and tomato toppings during an extreme corn tortilla with beef, lettuce, and tomato toppings TACO contest at a food festival as a group of hispanic spectators cheer him on. --v 5.1 --s 750
Elon Musk cooks dinner in a fancy restaurant kitchen.  
a young Sophia Loren, playing her guitar, the Gulf of Naples, with Vesuvius volcany IN THE BACKGROUND, , background with warm golden lights, photorealistic, richard avedon style portrait photography, 85mm lens, magical photography, photographic realism, ultra detailed , intimate portrait composition, hyper detailed, ultra photorealistic, hdr --ar 7:4 --v 5
Donald Trump winning an Olympic swimming contest, epic image
Cinematic photography, supermodel in a high fashion pose walking style of Dior wearing a made of ice dress Clear ice, close up, bright, A Huge breathtaking Transparent turquoise ice glaciers in the background, sun rays with a clear sky, all white background --v 5.1 --s 250
Zayn Malik performs at a concert in an enchanted forest during a magical eclipse.  
Emma Watson discovers a hidden treasure in an ancient ruin.  
Jennifer Lopez competes in a space race with extraterrestrial beings.  
Prince William walking with his kid in Hyde Park, summer time, dandy man
Donald trump crossing the Delaware 1851 oil-on-canvas painting by the German-American artist Emanuel Leutze
Lionel Messi looking at the camera, to the side of a window, being illuminated by the golden rays of the sun that pass through a window, inspiring vulnerability and confidence in the photo, taken with a Canon EOS R camera with a 50mm f/1.8, f/ lens. 2.2 aperture, 1 shutter speed/200 s, ISO 100 and daylight, full body, hyper-realistic, cinematic, cinema, hyper-detailed, UHD, color correction, HDR, hyper-realistic CG animation --q 2 --v 5.1
ultra realstic james bond sean connery as a powerlifting bodybuilder
Charlize Theron competes in a futuristic obstacle course on an alien planet.  
John Cena taking part in a community charity event with fans and local volunteers.  
Ozzy Osbourne wearing dress, smiling, surrounded by unicorns and flowers
Gal Gadot and Chris Pine explore a futuristic cityscape filled with hidden dangers.  
Rihanna sing at the Bard Festival on the scene, around more bards, russia, forest, summer, sunny, highly detailed, realictic photography, realictic, 8k, happy, --ar 9:16 --v 5 --s 50
a of Elon Musk getting out of Tesla Cybertruck in the streets of capital city of Slovakia - Bratislava. Spy shot, papparazzi, High definition, realistic photo.
Logo of a basil leaf, bellow a word "BASIL", style ofAubrey Beardsley
Mark Zuckerberg attends a fashion show on a futuristic space station.  
close up of Leonardo DiCaprio, looking up in horror, wearing a dark coat and cowboy hat, during a winter storm at night, in the forest, in a noir comic style, no color
George Clooney being an facility manager working on an elevator, sunset,nikon D850, 85MM lens, f/1.8, intense contrast, look real human, shallow depth of feild
urburn haired in futuristic glitter valkyrie green gown with armor
Hyper Realistic Donald trump drinking limoncello, capri vintage poster
Tony Stark, hammering hard at the machine, thread, 32k, realistic, Indian background, inferior, factory,
Barack Obama hosts a cooking show on a tropical island.  
Rihanna participating in a live interactive art installation, showcasing her creative talents, and engaging with visitors in a vibrant, immersive environment.
Ben Affleck, with a beard, leaning back in a barber’s chair, with eyes closed, dressed in military clothing, in a noir comic style, no color, --ar 16:9
chris hemsworth is eating the cartoon lovable cheese sandwich, giant teeth, he IS the bread, human touch, like ET, cheese is every where
Ryan Reynolds battles robots in a high-tech arena.  
Angela Merkel is portrayed as frequently yawning and appearing extremely tired at the G20 summit.
Jennifer Aniston solves mysteries in a 1920s noir film.  
Rihanna leading a dynamic dance class in a state-of-the-art studio with an energetic group of dancers and high-tempo music.
Zendaya and Timothée Chalamet star in a magical heist in a grandiose fantasy city.  
realistic photo, 2023 year, Victor Osimhen from behind on the beach, in front of him he has a table, in the background the sea
jonathon frankes stepping over a chair, ultra realistic
Create a hyper-realistic depiction of Halle Berry as ninja royalty, adorned in an elaborate, richly textured outfit that combines traditional ninja attire with regal embellishments. Capture her powerful presence and the intricate details of her costume, which might include metallic accents, embroidery, and jewel adornments. Use a medium format camera with a 50mm lens to focus on Berry's regal stance and the grandeur of her royal ninja outfit --v 5 --ar 2:3
Rihanna sing at the Bard Festival on the scene, around more bards, russia, forest, summer, sunny, highly detailed, realictic photography, realictic, 8k, happy, --ar 9:16 --v 5 --s 50
Oprah Winfrey hosting a talk show in a cozy living room setting with a live studio audience.  
cammy street fighter 6 in style of Mike Deodato solid white backgroubd
George Clooney being an facility manager working on an elevator, sunset,nikon D850, 85MM lens, f/1.8, intense contrast, look real human, shallow depth of feild
Britney Spears at Disneyland interacting with jack skellington character, sfx,vfx, 35mm, 8k, 85mm, documentary view lens
Robert Downey Jr. explores a futuristic cityscape.  
Eddie Redmayne competes in a high-tech virtual reality game.  
Mona Lisa wear a black cat eye style sunglass and smoked burning cigarette while getting anxiety attack --v 5 --s 250
a close up shot of the Actor The Rock dramatically eating a folded TACO during an extreme folded TACO contest at a food festival as a group of hispanic spectators cheer him on. --v 5.1 --s 750
Create me an illustration of the portrait of African-American actor " Michael Rauney Jr ", in a vector style in color --q 2 --v 5
andsome brooding Mediterranean man with dark brown hair brilliant green eyes sharp jaw wearing a suit mafia aesthetic dark home office/study background:: photorealistic image of Dwayne the Rock Johnson as a mongolian general, Dramatic lighting, 8k
influencer mujer delgada en la alberca de su casa posando para una foto en el fin del mundo en florida, 35 mm, cinematografico, 8k, fotorealista, iluminacion cinematica
Keanu Reeves trains for a legendary duel.  
cinematic still, film by Christopher Nolan, a leading actor is Jeff Bezos, preparing to go to a rockect by Blue Origin, style by sci-fi, wide shot, 35mm, --ar 2:1 --v 5
el cantante Mick Jagger comiendo asado con el futbolista Lionel Messi
gary gensler and elizabeth warren getting married at mcdonalds
a hyperrealistic picture of The Weeknd as a Carls Jr worker, cinematic shot, detailed, photography, 16k, --ar 4:5
Jon Snow, Robin Arryn, Tyrion Lannister, meeting in the Great Hall of Winterfell, with Knights of the North behind them,4K, Photography, using a 50mm prime lens, f/ 2. 8 aperture, --ar 3:4 --s 750 --q 2
Gerard Joling drinking limoncello, capri vintage poster
Cinematic shot live action movie style. A super beautiful french supermodel is sitting on a chair facing a laptop, wearing a dress with a background of modern office white concept. she is looking at the camera and smiling. The lighting is good. Photorealistic, highly detailed. 4k photo quality --v 5
Joe Biden is depicted as bribing a local governor with US dollars.
Scarlett Johansson as a Vampire wrestling with the Hulk on the beach, directed by Tim Burton, in the style of the film "Spring Breakers”, 4K, detailed, ultra - detailed, high contrast, volumetric, hyper detailed, professional color, shaded, lighting, cinematic, color grading
animated asian billionaire woman sitting in luxury helicopter ::5 Premium Portrait Photography::4 well-lit, sharp-focus, high-quality, artistic, unique, award-winning photograph, Canon EOS 5D Mark IV DSLR, f/8, ISO 100, 1/250 second, close-up, natural light, professional, flattering, headshot, glibatree style::3 black and white, grainy, deformed, watermark::-2 seed1 --q 2 --s 750
Gigi Hadid dancing in a hippy red dressing surrounded by a group of people dancing, sunset, the style of light brown and turquoise, dark azure and emerald, smooth and shiny, firecore, sonian, close up, photography style by tony kelly ar 16:9 --v 5.1
Actor Ryan Reynolds searching through a dark, abandoned warehouse of old VHS tapes. Sinister. Photo realistic.
harry potter visits sri lanka ,wes anderson movie style
close up Harvey Specter looking out big office window at a futuristic city with cars flying by the window in the sky. top floor, outside its sunset, with a beatiful warm yellow and red sky, sunflares is comming in through the windows, dreamy atmosphere, warm light, positive, sunrise, maximum realism, maximum detail cinematographic quality, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine, Cinematic, Color Grading, Editorial Photography, Photography, Photoshoot, Golden Hour --ar 16:9 --niji 5
Ariana Grande launching a special holiday charity concert, featuring festive performances, celebrity guests, and a high-energy atmosphere in a grand venue.
Rihanna stars in a sci-fi thriller with time-travel elements.  
super realistic Michael Jordan driving a bugatti, in the middle of Australian outback , with dirt flying from tires, with a goat in the passenger seat with 6 rings on fingers smoking a cigar
draw me battle between people and orks. The peoples Leader is Harry Potter who is casting a spell at army of orks. It is claudy.
Jimi Hendrix as a Pokemon Gym Leader, Anime Style --v 5 --s 250
Elon Musk demonstrating a new Mars habitat prototype at a high-tech facility, with detailed presentations, interactive displays, and a panel of space experts.
Pamela Colman Smith dressed in medieval clothes is drawing a tarot card on a canvas in front of a beautiful medieval country house made of stones and immersed in a field of yeollow and orange flowers, it's summer and the sun is up in the sky, highly detailed, 4k --ar 2:3 --v 5
Platinum blonde Barbara Palvin as zero two model photoshoot, flirty and hot pose, * * three point landing on A building overlooking a cyber punk city. Super fast shutter speed, action sequence, flowing platinum blonde hair, wildly appealing, highly detailed beautiful face, rim lighting, glow, Volumetric lighting, cinematic angles, Low angle, highly detailed beautiful woman super hero on top of a building looking over a city, cyberpunk, natural, skin tones, purple, cyan, blue, indigio, white, yellow, orange, purple --no portrait --q 2 --v 4 --q 2 --v 4
Ellen DeGeneres hosting a lively game show with a studio full of enthusiastic contestants and audience members cheering.
David Lee Roth from Van Halen eating Whataburger while drinking a Lone Star Beer
Keira Knightley and Orlando Bloom solve a mystery in a Victorian steampunk London.  
Femme Fatale Lexi Belle posing in wet swimsuit and high heels near old park --v 5
Marilyn Monroe in love with Eminem, both wearing very hip and stylish clothes, looking cool, 4K, super detail, ultra real, film photography, using 50mm prime lens, f/2.8 aperture
Donald Trump is sitting on a rocket, Donald Trump has his arms around the rocket that he would not fall off it, the rocket is in the center of the picture, the rocket is flying at a 45 degree angle, in the background is a big beautiful yellow moon, in the style of the golden era of comics --q 2 --s 250
Harrison Ford as a detective
1945 era photograph of a Stargate recently excavated in Egypt. Actress Joy Page is present
Dwayne Johnson cooking dinner
Donald Trump in an old Charlie Chaplin film running over the carriages of a train is chased by a policeman. Funny scene, sepia color, year 1925
cinematic still, film by Christopher Nolan, a leading actor is Jeff Bezos, preparing to go to a rockect, desert space, style by sci-fi, wide shot, 35mm, --ar 2:1
princess peach watching a girls soccer game, cheering, Mario and Luigi and Bowser in crowd
A hyperrealistic photo of mick jagger and david bowie hanging out in a bar, beautiful light --v 5
Messi leaving, with a backpack, from Paris, with the Eiffel Tower from the back.
Ben Affleck, touching his clean shaven face, wearing military combat clothing, in a barbershop, in a noir comic style, no color, --ar 16:9
Natalie Dormer investigates a magical relic.  
18-year-old Chinese actress beauty Zhou Dongyu portrait
Freddie Mercury takes a selfie with a GoPro in front hollywood in the background, , fish eye lens, high detail, ultra realistic, cinematic lighting, portrait painting, photorealistic, Color Grading, portrait Photography, hyper - detailed, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine5, Cinematic 8K --ar 16:9 --v 5.1 --upbeta --s 750 --q 2 --style raw --s 50
First Lady Melania Trump and President Bill Clinton caught by paparazzi serving cappuccinos in a Cafe’ of the main square of Capri, realistic , Capri, island of Capri, piazzetta di Capri , Gran Caffè’ , paparazzi shot , s 750
Anthony Daniels as C-3PO Medieval Knight: Capture Anthony Daniels, who played C-3PO in Star Wars, reimagined as a medieval knight. He should be wearing a suit of golden armor, his robotic features replaced with intricate medieval designs. The background should be a grand castle hall, with C-3PO standing regally. Use a Nikon D850 DSLR camera with a 24-70mm f/2.8 lens to capture the scene. The resolution should be 45.7 megapixels, ISO sensitivity: 8000, and shutter speed 1/30 second. --ar 9:16
Suella Braverman as the lead actress in a Too Fast and Too Furious movie billboard --ar 9:16
studio editorial photoshoot shot of Chris Evans actor as Woody from Toy Story, cinematic lighting, Woody in Captan America pose,
Steven Tyler holding a female fan, putting his arm around a woman, backstage in the background
Madonna is wearing an iconic outfit and talks to reporters about how she became a gay icon during her Blonde Ambition world tour
Miley Cyrus in a circus
Chris Evans’ Captain America holding his shield, looking beaten up but still standing strong ready for another fight. In the rain, 8k, ultra detail, ultra sharp, dramatic, cinematic lighting.
an oil painting of Donald Trump as a Greek philosopher reading from a scroll.
lionel messi signing for inter miami, pink colors, presentation at miami stadiu,, cinematic, film grain, beautiful illumination, realistic --ar 3:4 --s 1000
Photo of singer Billie Eilish, she has a protruding tongue, a long tongue, white hair, she is in a club with a pool, there is a party, an institution with a modern design, a light is exposed behind her so that it envelops the edges of her body figure, a lot of details in the room, the shape of her body is models, 8k, realistic quality, quality the image is high
marylin monroe as an angel with a robber's blindfold aiming at you with both hands, with a silver gun
real photo of Nicolas Sarkozy doing a low budget Legolas cosplay, poor costume:: legolas face::-0.7 --ar 9:16
Sofia Vergara stars in a fantasy film in a mythical land.  
Angela Merkel, frontal portrait, wide shot, Wes Anderson style
Lyanna Mormont speaking to Daenerys in the Great Hall of Winterfell, with Northern soldiers behind her, Photography, using a 50mm prime lens, f/ 2. 8 aperture, --ar 3:4 --s 750 --q 2 --v 5
a coconut tree but all the coconuts are the heads of kanye west
Jennifer Lawrence plays a pirate in a swashbuckling adventure.  
Ryan Reynolds cooking a gourmet dinner in a sleek modern kitchen with a celebrity chef’s apron.  
Ronald mcdonald get crazy Inside a McDonald's branch, destroying the branch to the ground, everything full of hamburgers, fries and drinks, on the walls on the floor, full of coke flowing on the floor, ketchup and mayonnaise on tables and ceiling
kanye west putting a note in the western wall holding two findgers crossed behind his back , while smiling mishchiviously and the spotlight is on him , make it look like an old propaganda poster style
LeBron James and a donkey mouth to mouth
Fernando Alonso and Taylor Swift at the MetGala, photo realistic, color graded, high definition, 4K, ultra high detail, ultra realistic --v 5
Chris Evans races in a space car.  
Ash Ketchum as a wise full grown adult in a cloak shrouded in mystery as a philosopher atop a zen pokemon mountain. /realistic/ surreal/ spiritual/ cinematic/ hd/ colorful/ dark/ painterly/ cosmic/ divine/ celestial/ flowy/ artsy --v 4
Lionel Messi having dinner with Cristiano Ronaldo while mbappe is the waiter, and it looks like mbappe is really sad ultra realistic
portrait of goldie hawn sitting on a chair , very detailed
Jeff Bezos giving a speech to a crowd of minions characthers, wide cinematic still, 35mm, detail image, 8k, --ar 5:4
Actor Colby Hollman dancing. hyperrealistic photography, post - internet aesthetics, 8k, close - up shot, close - up photo, f1. 2, sony eos r3, 80mm
Donald Trump is taking a bath in the bathhouse?wearing a swimsuit with a girl
young Female Creator covering her eyes tokyo street \photograph, 4K, ultra detailed, shot taken with Nikon D850
Narendra Modi is portrayed as ignoring female representatives at international events.
Hayley Atwell plays basketball with Frankenstein, cinematic lens, 4k --v 5
king charles coronation, the queen, princess diana, street party, flags, vivid colours, intense action --v 4
John Lennon aged 90. Sitting on a bench in Central Park New York.
Elon Musk dressed as a USA soldier with a flamethrower in his hand , protecting children and shiba inus from communist zombies , cinematic 8k
President Donald Trump dramatically eating a corn tortilla TACO with beef, lettuce, and tomato toppings during an extreme corn tortilla with beef, lettuce, and tomato toppings TACO contest at a food festival as a group of hispanic spectators cheer him on. --v 5.1 --s 750
Demi Lovato leads a motivational seminar in a tropical resort.  
Julia Roberts and Richard Gere star in a romantic adventure on a futuristic space cruise.  
Jodie Comer leads a pirate crew.  
a realistic photo of Christina Hendricks as a powerful female action hero in an action pose ready to fight.
Malala Yousafzai hosting a global online forum for young girls to share their stories of overcoming educational barriers, culminating in a summit where they present their ideas for policy changes to world leaders.
Zendaya conducting a live fashion design workshop in a stylish studio, showcasing her creative process and collaborating with aspiring designers.
Hyper realistic Jordan Peterson fighting Satan using swords, angels fighting demons in background
professional basketball player Lebron James violently eating a taco with lettuce and tomato toppings during an extreme taco eating contest and Mexican spectators cheer him on
Cristiano Ronaldo serving pizza in Capri celebrating the big win of Napoli Football Club , wearing Napoli team jersey shirt , surrounded by Napoli fans , real capri, realistic , real Cristiano Ronaldo , real pizza
Joe Biden riding a horse
Angelina Jolie participates in a medieval jousting tournament.  
Harrison Ford exploring an archaeological dig site with an expert team and various artifacts.
Medium shot of Snoop Dogg, bright blue background, smoke, Photorealistic, hyper-detailed, beautifully color-coded, insane details, intricate details, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine, Cinematic, Color Grading, Photography, Photoshoot, White Balance, Super-Resolution, Megapixel, ProPhoto RGB, VR, Front Lighting, Backlight, Natural Lighting, Incandescent, Optical Fiber, Cinematic Lighting, CGI, VFX, SFX, insanely detailed and intricate, elegant, hyper-realistic, super detailed, photography, 32k --s 750 --v 5 --ar 9:16
Katy Perry on a desert island
Ryan Gosling plays a heroic role in an alternate medieval universe.  
John Lennon takes a selfie with a GoPro in front London in the background, , fish eye lens, high detail, ultra realistic, cinematic lighting, portrait painting, photorealistic, Color Grading, portrait Photography, hyper - detailed, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine5, Cinematic 8K --ar 16:9 --v 5.1 --upbeta --s 750 --q 2 --style raw --s 50
AR Rahman fighting with Salman Khan in a surreal indian backdrop looking very angry, UHD, 4k, Hyper realistic
Ryan Gosling directing a complex action scene on a movie set, with detailed choreography, special effects, and a large crew of professionals.
Kris Jenner, on a date with O.J. Simpson, captured in paparazzi, photography style, from 100 feet
Brad Pitt explores a haunted castle.  
mike tyson leading a band of jedai into battle hyper real
Keanu Reeves meditates atop a mountain peak.  
Kendall Jenner, art nouveau by Alfons Mucha, looking into the outher cosmos, high resolution, HDR 4k --aspect 4:7
Kendall Jenner, art nouveau by Alfons Mucha, looking into the outher cosmos, high resolution, HDR 4k --aspect 4:7
Selena Gomez painting a mural
Messi on his knees crying, embracing Mexico futbol shirt
professional basketball player Lebron James violently eating a taco with lettuce and tomato toppings during an extreme taco eating contest and Mexican spectators cheer him on
Greta Thunberg leads a protest in a dystopian world.  
Ryan Gosling uncovers a hidden treasure in a desert.  
Shakira as a Marvel Superhero, Taken by Camera Canon EOS R5 with Full-frame CMOS sensor, 45 megapixels, 100-51,200 (expandable to 102,400) Autofocus: Up to 1053 autofocus points
Lena van den Bosch, her face illuminated by the glow of algorithms, radiating intelligence and determination, her striking features softened by her warm smile, Amidst a background of digital screens displaying code and neural networks, conveying an environment of advanced technology and ceaseless innovation, 3D Artwork, Using a realistic texture for skin and hair, fine details to show light reflections, --ar 16:9 --chaos 30 --quality 2 --seed 54321 --uplight --v 5.1 --v 5.1 --style raw
Will Smith discovers a hidden world in a jungle.  
Kendall Jenner angrily eating tacos during an extreme taco-eating contest with a group of spectators cheering him on at Sombrero Festival in Brownsville, texas.
turkish classical movie star 60s; woman; yellow suit; directed wes anderson; color pencil drawing style --v 5 --q 5
Mirror under the water, space, in a style of movie still, symmetrical portrait shoot of a female supermodel, futuristic couture, pink neon, pink - core, neon - core, cinematic pink and white neon lighting, in the style of Denis Villeneuve, sculptural aesthetics, anamorphic lens, ultra realistic, hyper detailed, Panasonic Lumix, cinematic lighting, clean Sharp Focus, beautifully color - coded, Photography winning awards, ultrarealistic, photorealistic, insane details, --ar 16:9 --v 5.1 --style raw --s 250
el cantante Mick Jagger comiendo asado con Lionel Messi
Gal Gadot participating in a global film festival as a jury member, discussing films, attending screenings, and interacting with filmmakers and audiences.
Dwayne Johnson and Gal Gadot race through a high-tech arena with robotic competitors.  
Idris Elba as a chef
anton chigurh on one side of the battlefield, and 300 spartans on the other side of the battlefield, waiting to battle, Anton chigurh as Javier Bardem
EMANUELLE MACRON DATING WITH RIHANNA IN PARIS COFFEE SHOP --s 250
Ellen DeGeneres on a rollercoaster
Tessa Thompson and Michael B. Jordan race through a fantasy world on dragonback.  
jim morrison sitting, on a sofa, wearing bell bottom trousers, smoking weed, with jimi hendrix and brian jones, at backstage
Emma Watson solves a magical riddle.  
Daniel Radcliffe performs a daring trapeze act at a circus.  
Hugh Grant solves a time travel mystery.  
Kendall Jenner, art nouveau by Alfons Mucha, looking into the outher cosmos, high resolution, HDR 4k --aspect 7:4
Gal Gadot competes in an epic sword fight in ancient Rome.  
Portrait photo, Obese american actor Jhon Candy Creator, Designer, Artist, wearing a retro brown and pink super hero cloth vintage, Los angeles , USA, on Street, bright, fashionable, sci-fi, futuristic, \photograph, 4K, ultra detailed, shot taken with Nikon D850
Dreamy femme fatale Liya Silver comming from water in big fisher boots, wet hair, wind, b& w photoshoot, noir atmosphere, summer, cinematic light 4K 8K --v 5.1 --q 3
trump with long hair and Beard in the bed with his wife
blonde guy with young Justin Bieber's hair cut wearing a woman's swim suit and a woman's slip on his head and sunglasses.
Gigi Hadid watching a football game in the stands and surrounded by people with flags and excited, sunset, the style of light brown and turquoise, dark azure and emerald, smooth and shiny, firecore, sonian, close up, photography style by Henrik Purienne, ar 16:9 --v 5.1
Darth Maul, on a date with Kris, Jenner, paparazzi Style
Natalie Portman attending a major academic conference as a keynote speaker, discussing groundbreaking research and interacting with scholars and students.
fernando alonso rasing a winner trophy with aston martin
Kate Moss Face at the age of 20 in black and white, red lip, black ink is dripping of her chin
famous baseball player Derek Jeter riding a white unicorn on a rainbow in the sky, hyper realistic, studio lighting, dlsr
beautiful chinese woman wearing a pure white dress made of see through white flowers, surrounded by bioluminescence pink flowers, eyes looking into camera, smiling, beautiful makeup, Ross Tran, Yummei, Lois van Baarle, 4k, hdr, v5.1
Kanye West and Jonah Hill with Apache tribe hunting --seed 1561950621
boris becker and sylvester stallone made an armwrestling in las vegas gi
hyper realistic Lionel Messi wearing Boca´s football t-shirt
Kanye West smiling, drinking shot of limoncello at the beach, capri vintage poster
a hyperrealistic picture of The Weeknd as a Carls Jr worker, cinematic shot, detailed, photography, 16k, --ar 4:5
Justin Trudeau is depicted laughing inappropriately during a parliamentary session.
Jordan B Peterson holding a sword and shield mounted atop a lion
Tony Stark like a Japanese man, Asian, Japanese traditional house background, samurai, Japanese samurai clothes, very realistic, 32k quality, realistic, Japan, photo-like, Japanese style laboratory, hard-working making machines
black and white close-up photograph of Marilyn Monroe in the style of Canon EOS R5, EF 50mm f/1.8 STM --ar 9:16 --s 1000 --q 2 --v 5.1
Stephen Hawking solves a complex puzzle on a space station.  
Portrait of dreamy Femme fatale Tori Black wet hair, wind, b& w photoshoot, cinematic light --v 5 --q 3
fernando alonso with his back with his arm raised, celebrating a victory, dark background, at night with purple and magenta lights. --v 5
damian lillard in portland classic jersey posterizing russel westbrook, photography, Cinematic lighting, Unreal Engine, Low angle perspective, Film camera, Sports scene --chaos 20 --quality 2
Donald trump duck hunting in a rice field in lacassine Louisiana